Using Mbed Studio's ARMC6 with Mbed CLI (#1028)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/CLI/cli-setup/cli-reqs.md

| IAR EWARM Compiler | `C:/Program Files/IAR Systems/Embedded Workbench 8.2/arm/bin/iccarm.exe` | `IAR_PATH` | `C:/Program Files/IAR Systems/Embedded Workbench 8.2/arm`|
| GCC Arm Embedded Compiler | `/usr/bin/arm-none-eabi-gcc` | `GCC_ARM_PATH` | `/usr/bin`|

> ##### Using Arm Compiler 6 from Mbed Studio

Reviewer: Is it weird that this is in the Mbed OS docs? Studio documentation is now 100% somewhere else: https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio/

Author: This is in the Mbed CLI docs. The point of this change is to enable the use of Mbed Studio's version of Arm Compiler 6 when compiling with Mbed CLI. I think this is the most appropriate place, however if there is a better place just let me know.

Reviewer: Sorry, your wording confused me. "From Mbed Studio" - I took that to mean that you're using Mbed Studio, not that you're using something that belongs to Mbed Studio

Reviewer: So are you saying that if I'm using Mbed CLI, I need to install Mbed Studio or something?

> Mbed Studio comes with a free version of Arm Compiler 6 when it's used with Mbed OS. It requires configuring the `ARMC6_PATH` as well as setting an environment variable to manage the license.

Reviewer: What does "when it's used with Mbed OS" mean? Can you use Mbed Studio without Mbed OS? What happens to Arm Compiler 6 then - does it simply refuse to compile?

Author: Nope, Mbed Studio's version of Arm Compiler 6 is only free to use when compiling with Mbed OS. Part of it is it won't actually function without Mbed OS, part of it is it part of the free to use license.

> Mbed Studio comes with a free version of Arm Compiler 6 when it's used with Mbed OS. It requires configuring the `ARMC6_PATH` as well as setting an environment variable to manage the license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed Studio comes with a free version of Arm Compiler 6 for use with Mbed OS. If you want to use Arm Compiler 6 with Mbed CLI:

1. Install [Mbed Studio](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio/latest/introduction/index.html).
1. Configure the `ARMC6_PATH`.

    For Mbed Studio 0.4.0, the Arm Compiler 6 executable is located in `./tools/ac6/bin`. This path is relative to the installation directory of Mbed Studio. On Windows, for example, the default path is `C:\MbedStudio\tools\ac6\bin`.

1. Set the environment variable `ARMLMD_LICENSE_FILE` to the path of Mbed Studio's Arm Compiler 6 license. For Mbed Studio 0.4.0, the license is located at `./tools/ac6-license.dat`. This path is relative to the installation directory of Mbed Studio. On Windows, for example, the default path is `C:\MbedStudio\tools\ac6-license.dat`. 

    Note that this environment variable is not managed by Mbed CLI, so you must set it appropriately in your environment.

```

> For Mbed Studio version 0.4.0, the Arm Compiler 6 executable is located in `./tools/ac6/bin`. This path is relative to the installation directory of Mbed Studio. On Windows for example, the default path is `C:\MbedStudio\tools\ac6\bin`.

Reviewer: They have a new release next week - 0.5

Author: Good to know, hopefully they can comment if I need to update this.

Reviewer: Please remove this if you accept the suggestion above

Reviewer 2: @bridadan Irit is correct. Version 0.5 of Mbed Studio is planned soon. Ideally, you should not add path in docs. We are also moving the location of tools. It is no longer going to be inside of installation path.

Reviewer: Arek also said it's going to be different locations for different platforms. 

This is starting to look like the docs maintenance effort is going to be very high.

> You must also set the environment variable `ARMLMD_LICENSE_FILE` to the path of Mbed Studio's Arm Compiler 6 license. For Mbed Studio version 0.4.0, the license is located at `./tools/ac6-license.dat`. This path is relative to the installation directory of Mbed Studio. On Windows for example, the default path is `C:\MbedStudio\tools\ac6-license.dat`. Note that this environment variable is not managed by Mbed CLI, so you must set it appropriately in your environment.

Reviewer: Again - they're releasing 0.5 to match 5.12; need to make sure which versions this is correct for

Author: Same as above. That is part of the reason why I put the version number in this change.

Reviewer: Please remove this if you accept the suggestion above.
